c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\OdeskNotifier.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\OdeskNotifier.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\NLog.config
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\OdeskNotifier.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\OdeskNotifier.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\GitHub\odeskNotifier\OdeskNotifier\obj\Debug\OdeskNotifier.pdb
